docs: describe osd purge job in the document of OSD management (#6934)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-osd-mgmt.md

If all the PGs are `active+clean` and there are no warnings about being low on space, this means the data is fully replicated
and it is safe to proceed. If an OSD is failing, the PGs will not be perfectly clean and you will need to proceed anyway.

> ### Prevent the rook operator to re-create the OSD pod

Reviewer: I don't understand why this title is needed. How about removing it, and just keep the host-based and pvc-based titles as third-level?
```suggestion

```

Author: Indeed. Removed.

> #### Host-based cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Host-based cluster
```

Author: Fixed.

Update your CephCluster CR. Depending on your CR settings, you may need to remove the device from the list or update the device filter.
If you are using `useAllDevices: true`, no change to the CR is necessary.

> #### PVC-based cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PVC-based cluster
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: How about a comment like this after the header?
```
If you want to reduce the storage in your cluster, a healthy PVC-based OSD can be removed as described in this section.
```
I just think we should be clear that we're not removing a specific unhealthy OSD.

Author: I see. Removing an unhealthy OSD will be covered by #6948.

1. Shrink the number of OSDs in the `storageClassDeviceSet` in the CephCluster CR.

>    - `kubectl -n rook-ceph edit cephcluster rook-ceph`

Reviewer 2: Can we suggest a `patch` command instead to make it easier for users?

Author: Added.

   - Reduce the `count` of the OSDs to the desired number. Rook will not take any action to automatically remove the extra OSD(s), but will effectively stop managing the orphaned OSD.
2. Identify the orphaned PVC that belongs to the orphaned OSD.
   - The orphaned PVC will have the highest index among the PVCs for the device set.
   - `kubectl -n rook-ceph get pvc -l ceph.rook.io/DeviceSet=<deviceSet>`
   - For example if the device set is named `set1` and the `count` was reduced from `3` to `2`, the orphaned PVC would have the index `2` and might be named `set1-2-data-vbwcf`
3. Identify the orphaned OSD.
   - The OSD assigned to the PVC can be found in the labels on the PVC
   - `kubectl -n rook-ceph get pod -l ceph.rook.io/pvc=<orphaned-pvc> -o yaml | grep ceph-osd-id`
   - For example, this might return: `ceph-osd-id: "0"`

### Confirm the OSD is down

> If you want to remove a unhealthy OSD, the osd pod may be in an error state such as `CrashLoopBackoff` or the `ceph` commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to remove an unhealthy OSD, the osd pod may be in an error state such as `CrashLoopBackoff` or the `ceph` commands
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

in the toolbox may show which OSD is `down`. If you want to remove a healthy OSD, you should run
`kubectl -n rook-ceph scale deployment rook-ceph-osd-<ID> --replicas=0` and `ceph osd down osd.<ID>` from the toolbox.

### Purge the OSD from Ceph cluster

> OSD removal can be automated with the example found in the [rook-ceph-purge-osd job](/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/osd-purge.yaml).

Reviewer: How about two separate sections?

```
### Purge the OSD from the Ceph cluster

OSD removal can be automated with the example found in the [rook-ceph-purge-osd job](/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/osd-purge.yaml).
- In the osd-purge.yaml, change the `<OSD-IDs>` to the ID(s) of the OSDs you want to remove
- Run the job: `kubectl create -f osd-purge.yaml`
- When the job is completed, review the logs to ensure success: `kubectl -n rook-ceph logs -l app=rook-ceph-purge-osd`
- When finished, you can delete the job: `kubectl delete -f osd-purge.yaml`

### Purge the OSD manually

If the OSD purge job fails or you need fine-grained control of the removal, here are the individual commands that can be run from the toolbox.

<Continue with bullets below>
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> You can go to [Delete the underlying data][#delete-the-upderlying-data] section after running this job. If you want to remove OSD by hand,

Reviewer: I think it's ok for them to find the section later for deleting underlying data.
```suggestion
If you want to remove OSD by hand,
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

please read the following sections. However, we recommend you to use the above-mentioned job to avoid operation errors.

Run the following commands from the toolbox pod.

1. Mark the OSD as `out` if not already marked as such by Ceph. This signals Ceph to start moving (backfilling) the data that was on that OSD to another OSD.
   - `ceph osd out osd.<ID>` (for example if the OSD ID is 23 this would be `ceph osd out osd.23`)
2. Wait for the data to finish backfilling to other OSDs.
   - `ceph status` will indicate the backfilling is done when all of the PGs are `active+clean`. If desired, it's safe to remove the disk after that.
3. Remove the OSD from the Ceph cluster
   - `ceph osd purge <ID> --yes-i-really-mean-it`
4. Verify the OSD is removed from the node in the CRUSH map
   - `ceph osd tree`

> ### Remove the Kubernetes resources

Reviewer: This is not necessary if they used the osd purge job, so let's keep this in the manual section, no need for the separate title.
```suggestion

```

Author: OK, removed.

If all the PGs are `active+clean` and there are no warnings about being low on space, this means the data is fully replicated
and it is safe to proceed. If an OSD is failing, the PGs will not be perfectly clean and you will need to proceed anyway.

> Part of OSD removal can be automated by [rook-ceph-purge-osd job](/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/osd-purge.yaml). Please use it if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSD removal can be automated with the example found in the [rook-ceph-purge-osd job](/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/osd-purge.yaml). 
```

Author: Fixed.

> ### From the Toolbox

Reviewer: What if we replaced this section with the recommendation to run the osd purge job?

Author: Sounds good. How about recommend it only for `out` osds? I'm afraid the massive amount of backfilling after purging `down` and `in` OSDs.

Reviewer: If an OSD attempts to be purged, the job will fail if it is not down, so at least the job should not purge healthy OSDs. But anyway, it would be good to add a warning that they should be very careful when removing OSDs or else they could lose data.

Author: Update this PR to recommend osd purge job and refactor the osd removal process.
